---
layout: post
title: Bompball - the Beautiful, Bitchin' Sport
image: assets/img/postcategories/placeholder.jpg
date: 2022-08-11 16:47
category: Culture and Religion
author: 
tags: []
summary: 
flavortext: 
characterinfo:
  status: 
  race: 
  gender: 
  age: 
locationinfo:
  population: 
  ruler: 
  established: 
---

Bompball is the premier pastime of many working-class citizens in central Tsamsara and has surged in popularity all around the continent. The sport originated in the Underwalls of Benthia, where during a pit fight, spectators grew bored and decided to throw a pigskin ball, some knives and rackets, and a stale quiche into the ring. Surprisingly, the two equally bored pit fighters took up the objects and proceeded to absolutely deck each other with the quiche. Thus, bompball was born.

The rules of bompball have evolved over the years and have steadily grown in complexity. Two teams of 4 or 5, depending on the referee's mood face off in a ring roughly the size of half an average town square. All but 1 of each team is armed with a handcrossbow and all wear protective gear as a joke since it is shed the moment the match begins. The titular bompball is thrown into the air and the shooters of each team must pierce the ball with a bolt. The one remaining member of the team is armed only with a plate and must dodge the shooters from the opposing team while they search for the all-important quiche hidden before the match.

Now, teams from villages all over central Tsamsara travel along airship and rail routes to play against other teams. Games are short, bloody, and confusing but draw in very large crowds.