---
layout: post
title: The Armada
image: assets/img/postcategories/placeholder.jpg
date: 2022-08-11 16:47
category: Factions
author: 
tags: []
summary: 
flavortext: 
characterinfo:
  status: 
  race: 
  gender: 
  age: 
locationinfo:
  population: 
  ruler: 
  established: 
---

With the discovery of Frigann and its priceless ore underneath the ice, mining ships dominated the sea north of Tsamsara. With each captain eager to lay stake on as many Jintahn as they can, ships were heavily laden with mining gear and crew. Despite the massive storage space dedicated to ore in the hold, life on the ship was quite cramped to make as much room for the spoils as possible. Safety equipment and bunks were often ripped from their struts to make more storage room.

Eventually the dangers of sub-zero temperature mining and constant privateer attacks led the captains of the mining ships to band together to share equipment and ore. By sticking together and having ships carry equipment, crew, or spoil, the captains made a tidy profit and the fleet grew to number almost a hundred. They eventually dubbed themselves the Armada and had a stranglehold on the flow of Jintahn that powers airships and life in the metropolises.

Their ambitions eventually grew to the point of violence, where under the leadership of Banner Lord Anata, the Armada invaded Benthia, decimating the city's defenses before eventually being routed by the Greycoats. After the failed invasion, the Armada buckled under the weight of the treaties it signed and is now a shadow of its former glory.